# Waste Master

Electronic waste or (E-waste) are electronic waste describes discarded electronic devices such as discarded Computers, printer, Scanners, home appliances, medical electronic appliances etc. E-care Application is created with the main aim to dispose electronic waste in a useful manner. It is an online platform for all the customer, user organization, and authorized recycle company and so on who wants to dispose, recycle and managed their electronic waste.  E-care Application allows the users to register themselves as a Collector and Recycler.  Collectors fill the product details form to sell their e-waste products to E-care Mobile Application Collector get money for their E-waste products from E-care Mobile Application. E-waste products from Collector will collected by  E-care Mobile Application by  its  pick  up  services.
On  the  other  hand,  the  authorized  recycler  company  also  registered  itself  to  E-care Application as  a  Recycler.   The  Recycler  give  order  to  E-care Application by  filling  the order  place  form. E-care Mobile Application has  some  fixed  products  which  is  used  in manufacturing  new  products  such  as  types  of  plastics,  collectibles,  scrap  metals  which extracts  from  E-waste  and  refurbished  products.  The  registered  Recycler  has  to  pay E-care Mobile Application  for  their  orders.  The  payment  amount  and  payment  mode decided by  verbally  communication  according  to  the  order  and  logistics  charges  also.



